<a id="_5l7hdhn1spdj"></a>2023\-08\-22 \- WG Ontology Mapping & Harmonisation

__Date & Time__: 2023\-08\-22 \- 11\-12 CET

 

__Meeting Link:__

[https://tib\-eu\.webex\.com/tib\-eu\-en/j\.php?MTID=mcd77c9718249ee0fdde541ee7e5b6c88](https://tib-eu.webex.com/tib-eu-en/j.php?MTID=mcd77c9718249ee0fdde541ee7e5b6c88) 

__Ressources:__

- Link to GDrive workspace: [WG Ontology Harmonization and Mapping](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hLgFgzp0cS_Pi8hpI9zOD7DcY3SUXRNH) 
- [Used Ontologies @ NFDI](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UAfDKo2gKiaFldEeitMUcO8Gl1Fjyb_r_bp1V4JW0Es/edit#gid=0)
- [Overview \- WG Ontology Harmonization & Mapping Meetings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14z6kuAdVaiflWUtjqk3LKt-hqg_DeaRCpLY7TFo1PoU/edit)

__Main Topic:__ Used Ontologies analysis

# <a id="_4in35gwl6myp"></a>Participants

__Name__

__NFDI project affiliation\(s\)__

Philip Strömert

NFDI4Chem, N\.A\.

Jakob Voß

NFDI4Objects, N\.A\.

Hendrik Borgelt

NFDI4Cat, N\.A\.

Kathryn Dumschott

DataPLANT, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

# <a id="_3cakx2qk2ogo"></a>Agenda

__discussed aspect of main topic__

__prepared or present by __

Used Ontologies analysis

Philip Strömert

# <a id="_71znd1hi3viy"></a>Notes

Used Ontologies analysis

- current stage of analysis: [NFDI\_harmONTOmap\_analysis\.ipynb](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/16KX6M7Ysmx787Jdnl_CagJvP1k8_4PYq) 
	- better to get help from others in this analysis \-> Philip will export the combined table into a CSV to be reused 
		- \-> [all\_used\_ontologies\.csv](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-DTdHyxRJ0HQBYzzNHxJgO5QalgkzQoI&usp=drive_fs) 
	- to get inspired: 
		- Code of Alexander Behrs Ontology World Map development: [https://github\.com/nfdi4cat/Ontology\-Overview\-of\-NFDI4Cat/tree/dev](https://github.com/nfdi4cat/Ontology-Overview-of-NFDI4Cat/tree/dev)  
	- we’ve added the allowed value “rdf” to the Format column to be used for ontologies/terminologies that are not in any of the other allowed formats, but has an RDF representation that can be used in RDF linking/mapping contexts \(e\.g\. schema\.org or WikiData\)
- __developed / reused / only indexed / only evaluated __\- column needs to be checked by each consortium, to make sure only the ones that are actually reused  are property labeled as such \(Philip set many to “reused” for those consortia, where there was no prior indication in this column\)
- License: might not be important at the moment, we have the problem that not all entries have a value for the license

