<a id="_5l7hdhn1spdj"></a>2024\-02\-27 \- WG Ontology Mapping & Harmonisation

__Date & Time__: 2024\-02\-27 \- 11\-12 CET

 

__Meeting Link:__

[https://tu\-dortmund\.zoom\.us/j/94607128596?pwd=Tk1sbG9WUFBhS2pyQkJ5Uy9VcDU0dz09](https://tu-dortmund.zoom.us/j/94607128596?pwd=Tk1sbG9WUFBhS2pyQkJ5Uy9VcDU0dz09) 

__today not under the regular meeting link which would be: __[https://tib\-eu\.webex\.com/tib\-eu\-en/j\.php?MTID=mcd77c9718249ee0fdde541ee7e5b6c88](https://tib-eu.webex.com/tib-eu-en/j.php?MTID=mcd77c9718249ee0fdde541ee7e5b6c88) 

\(sry but i keep it in the agenda for the next agenda document\)

__Ressources:__

- Link to GDrive workspace: [WG Ontology Harmonization and Mapping](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hLgFgzp0cS_Pi8hpI9zOD7DcY3SUXRNH) 
- [Used Ontologies @ NFDI](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UAfDKo2gKiaFldEeitMUcO8Gl1Fjyb_r_bp1V4JW0Es/edit#gid=0)
- [Overview \- WG Ontology Harmonization & Mapping Meetings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14z6kuAdVaiflWUtjqk3LKt-hqg_DeaRCpLY7TFo1PoU/edit)

__Main Topic:__ xxx

# <a id="_4in35gwl6myp"></a>Participants

__Name__

__NFDI project affiliation\(s\)__

Hendrik Borgelt

NFDI4Cat, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

Base4NFDI, N\.A\.

# <a id="_3cakx2qk2ogo"></a>Agenda

__discussed aspect of main topic__

__prepared or present by __

# <a id="_71znd1hi3viy"></a>Notes

